vitiate	v.t. 损害（……的质量或效果），破坏，削弱 spoil or impair the quality or efficiency of: Development programs
veritable	adj. 真正的，名副其实的
fleeting	adj. 飞逝的；转瞬间的
peripatetic	adj. 漫游的；逍遥学派的
acquaint	vt. 使熟悉；使认识
venality	n. 唯利是图；贪赃枉法；受贿
regale	vt. 取悦；盛情款待
punctilious	adj. 一丝不苟的；精密细心的；拘泥形式的
penurious	adj. 吝啬的；缺乏的；贫困的
disposed	adj. 有…倾向的；打算做…的；有某种健康状态的
urbane	adj. 彬彬有礼的，温文尔雅的；都市化的
adroitly	adv. 熟练地；敏捷地
arduous	adj. 努力的；费力的；险峻的
avert	vt. 避免，防止；转移
tenuous	adj. 纤细的；稀薄的；贫乏的
eclectic	adj. 兼收并蓄的；不拘一格的；折中的，折中主义的
volatility	n. [化学] 挥发性；易变；活泼
virulent	adj. 剧毒的；恶性的；有恶意的
impediment	n. 口吃；妨碍；阻止
inure	vt. 使…习惯；使…适应
blemish	n. 瑕疵；污点；缺点
aver	vt. 断言，极力声明；主张
collude	vi. 勾结；串通；共谋
tepid	adj. 微温的，温热的；不太热烈的；不热情的
querulous	adj. 抱怨的；爱发牢骚的；爱发脾?的 complaining in a petulant or whining manner: a querulous remark 牢骚话 |
sparing	adj. 适度的；节俭的；缺乏的
ostracize	vt. 放逐；排斥；按贝壳流放法放逐
maverick	n. 持不同意见的人; 没打烙印的动物
exacting	adj. 严格的；苛求的；吃力的 v. 逼取；急需（exact的ing形式）
snide	adj. 伪造的；卑鄙的；暗讽的
abhor	vt. 痛恨，憎恶
covet	vt. 垂涎；觊觎
desist	vi. 停止；断念
bumbling	adj. 常出差错的，笨?笨脚的 acting in a confused or ineffectual way; incompetent: a big bumbling young fellow 笨
porous	adj. 能渗透的；透（?、光等）的 having many small holes that allow water or air to pass through slowly: The clay
humility	n. 谦逊，谦恭 a modest or low view of one's own importance; humbleness: We come nearest to the great when we
entreat	v.t. 恳求；乞求；请求 ask someone earnestly or anxiously to do something: I entreated him that he spare me this
divulge	v.t. 泄露，透露（秘密等）make known (private or sensitive information): the secret has been divulged to no one. 机
temperate	adj. 有节制的，有?制?的 showing moderation or self-restraint: He was temperate in his consumption of both food
wavering	n. 犹豫不决，优柔寡断
respite	n. 喘息之机；（痛苦等的）暂时缓解 a short period of rest or relief from something difficult or unpleasant: take a
peculiarity	n. 奇特，古怪，奇怪之处 an odd or unusual feature or habit: a feeling of solitude and of peculiarity 孤独异样的感
chronic	adj. （疾病）慢性的，长期的 (of an illness) persisting for a long time or constantly recurring: chronic indigestion 慢
spirited	"adj. 精神饱满的，??勃勃的 full of energy, enthusiasm, and determination: a spirited discussion 热烈的讨论 | a"
ennui	n. ?聊；倦怠 a feeling of listlessness and dissatisfaction arising from a lack of occupation or excitement: He
excoriate	v.t. 严厉指责，痛斥 censure or criticize severely: He was excoriated for his mistakes. 他因犯了错?被痛斥。
mundane	adj. 世俗的，平凡的；世界的，宇宙的
cordiality	n. 热诚；真挚
solitary	adj. 单独的，独处的，孤独的 done or existing alone: a solitary man 离群索居者 | a solitary existence 隐居?活
ingenuity	n. 心灵手巧，独创性，足智多谋；精巧的装置
converse	adj. 相反的，逆向的；颠倒的
corollary	n. 必然结果，直接结果 a direct or natural consequence or result: Destruction is a corollary of war. 破坏毁灭是战
inertial	adj. 惰性的，惯性的 relating to or arising from inertia: inertial force 惯性?
tenacious	"adj. 坚定的；顽强的 not readily relinquishing a position, principle, or course of action; determined: He is pretty"
importunate	"adj. 再三要求的；纠缠不休的；胡搅蛮缠的 persistent, especially to the point of annoyance or intrusion: an"
divisive	adj. 造成不和的；引起分歧的；制造分裂的 tending to cause disagreement or hostility between people: a divisive
ridicule	v.t. 嘲笑，嘲弄；戏弄 to make fun of: Why did you ridicule his proposal？你为什么嘲笑他的建议？ | He was
radical	adj. 激进的；根本的；彻底的
rectitude	n. 操?端正，正直 morally correct behavior or thinking; righteousness: spirit of rectitude 正直?私的精神 | the
preface	n. 前言；引语
quixotic	adj. 不切实际的；空想的 exceedingly idealistic; unrealistic and impractical: a quixotic vision ?个不切实际的想法
suspense	n. （故事等的）悬念 a quality in a work of fiction that arouses excited expectation or uncertainty about what may
conundrum	n. 谜；难题 a confusing and difficult problem or question: pose a major conundrum for commentators 向评论员们
opprobrious	adj. 蔑视的；辱骂的 (or language) expressing scorn or criticism: opprobrious language 骂?的话
tonic	adj. 滋补的；强?的；使?精神振奋的 giving a feeling of vigor or well-being; invigorating: the tonic quality of sea
waning	v. （尤指状况、感觉）衰落，减少（wane 的现在分词）
spurn	v.t. 蔑视，鄙视，对……不屑?顾 reject with disdain or contempt: She spurned their offer. 她对他们的提议嗤之以
deference	n. 遵从，听从；服从 a way of behaving that shows respect for someone or something: in deference
libertine	n. 浪荡子；性行为放纵者；放荡不羁者；玩乐者；自由思想家
uninitiated	adj. 不知情的；缺少经验的
counterfeit	adj. 伪造的；仿造的 made in exact imitation of something valuable or important with the intention to deceive or
canon	n. 标准；教规；正典圣经；教士
aptitude	n. 天资；自然倾向；适宜
bristle	v. （毛发）竖起；发怒；被侵犯；戒备
budding	adj. 正发芽的；发展中的 just beginning and showing promising signs of continuing: a budding crisis 萌芽中的危机
oblivious	adj. 不知道的，不在意的 not aware of or not concerned about what is happening around one: He was totally
clemency	n. 仁慈；温和；宽厚
insidious	"adj. 阴险的；暗中为害的 proceeding in a gradual, subtle way, but with harmful effects: an insidious foe 阴险的敌?"
contrivance	n. 发明；设计；（精巧的）构造物 a thing that is created skillfully and inventively to serve a
ensue	v.i. 接着发?；接踵?来；因?产? happen or occur afterward or as a result: the ensuing year 下?年 | A terrible
